docs: Precise README.md instructions (#4)
rapidsai/scikit-learn-nv: README.md

## Install

To install this plugin you need to install a in development version of scikit-learn as well
as this plugin, and its dependencies:

1. Create a new conda environment:

   ```commandline
   conda create -n sklearn-nv -c conda-forge python=3.9 numpy scipy matplotlib cython compilers joblib threadpoolctl
   ```

2. Install the nightly build of `pylibraft`:

   ```commandline
   conda install -c conda-forge -c rapidsai-nightly -c nvidia --no-channel-priority pylibraft=23.04 cupy rmm
   ```

3. Activate the environment:

   ```commandline
   conda activate sklearn-nv

>    ```

Reviewer: Can we make this step 2? The current step (2) lost the `-n sklearn-nv`. Overall I think putting the activation before more `conda install` commands is what more people are used to. The fact that we both overlooked the `-n` at first and now lost it from the command IMHO  shows that activating first is less error prone :D

4. Checkout and install the development version of scikit-learn from the `feature/engine-api` branch
   (see [`scikit-learn#25535`](https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/pull/25535). Using [`gh`](https://cli.github.com/):

   ```commandline
   gh repo clone scikit-learn/scikit-learn
   (cd scikit-learn; gh pr checkout 25535)

>    ```

Reviewer: ```
5. Install the scikit-learn development version with `pip install --no-build-isolation -e scikit-learn`
```
adds the command to install scikit-learn back. The suggestion feature of GitHub is somehow broken when I put the ``` in the suggestion :-/

Author: Has b36eee7 addressed it?

## Install

To install this plugin you need to install a in development version of scikit-learn as well
as this plugin, and its dependencies:

1. Create a new conda environment:

   ```commandline
   conda create -n sklearn-nv -c conda-forge python=3.9 numpy scipy matplotlib cython compilers joblib threadpoolctl
   ```

2. Activate the environment:

   ```commandline
   conda activate sklearn-nv
   ```

3. Install the nightly build of `pylibraft`:

   ```commandline
   conda install -c conda-forge -c rapidsai-nightly -c nvidia --no-channel-priority pylibraft=23.04 cupy rmm
   ```

4. Checkout the development version of scikit-learn from the `feature/engine-api` branch
   (see [`scikit-learn#25535`](https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/pull/25535). Using [`gh`](https://cli.github.com/):

   ```commandline
   gh repo clone scikit-learn/scikit-learn
   (cd scikit-learn; gh pr checkout 25535)
   ```

> 5. Install the scikit-learn development version with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Install the scikit-learn development version by running the following in the folder you checked the code out to:
```
